[term entry]: d3 styling .attr() (#3983)
Codecademy/docs: content/d3/concepts/styling/terms/attr/attr.md

---
Title: '.attr()'
Description: 'Used to get or set attributes of selected elements.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Visualization'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'D3'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-d3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.attr()`** method is used to set or get attributes of selected elements. This method is commonly used for styling elements by setting their attributes.

## Syntax

```pseudo
selection.attr("attributeName", "attributeValue");
```

> The `.attr()` function takes two parameters, first is the name of attribute and second is the corresponding value or a callback function.

Reviewer: Explain the parameters separately using a bullet list.

## Example

> 

Reviewer: Add a line describing the example.

---
Title: '.attr()'
Description: 'Used to get or set attributes of selected elements.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Visualization'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'D3'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-d3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.attr()`** method is used to set or get attributes of selected elements. This method is commonly used for styling elements by setting their attributes.

## Syntax

```pseudo
selection.attr("attributeName", "attributeValue");
```

The `.attr()` function takes two parameters,

- `attributeName`: Name of the attribute
- `attributeValue`: Value of the attribute or a callback function.

## Example

In the example given below, the value `5` is set to the attribute `radius` which turns the radius of `circle` to 5 units.

```js
d3.select('circle').attr('radius', 5);
```

> 

Author: Can we use image in output as there is no written output for that

> 

Reviewer 2: You sure can just remember to put the gif or png in the media folder

> 

Reviewer 2: @vrun1208 can I get any update on the media addition?

> 

Author: @dakshdeepHERE media added 👍, check out the latest commit

> The example given below demonstrates the arguement as a callback function. It is used to dynamically compute attribute value based on the data given. Here function is used to calculate parameter of circle. The callback function is passed the current data and returns the attribute value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example given below demonstrates the argument as a callback function. It is used to dynamically compute attribute value based on the data given. Here the function is used to calculate the parameter of the circle. The callback function is passed the current data and returns the attribute value.
```

> The example given below demonstrates the argument as a callback function. It is used to dynamically compute attribute value based on the data given. Here the function is used to calculate the parameter of the circle. The callback function is passed the current data and returns the attribute value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use the argument as a callback function. Based on the provided data, it is used to compute attribute values dynamically. Here, the circle's parameter is calculated using the function. 
```
